[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to submit to the authority
of our televisions and wallow in our
shallow consumerist lives with john
carpenter's 1988 film they live let's
get to it we open up a grungy downtown
area where rowdy roddy piper is walking
through a train depot live in the old
hobo life despondent at the lack of
folks available to stab with his hobo
knife he continues on like this for
quite a ways eventually finding himself
in a shantytown where he has the
opportunity to bed down for the night he
goes out looking for work the next day
and has the misfortune of falling in
with a union which is the only way he
can earn an honest day's pay despite his
membership he's still despised for his
lack of permanent residence Frank offers
to show him to a shelter that evening
and rowdy signals his interest with a
flip of his lustrous locks unfortunately
these two cagey alphas don't like
following or being followed unless they
know the other party so they warily head
in the same general direction this level
of communication lock will come into
play later on luckily they eventually
make it in time to enjoy the evenings
ration of hobo chili made with love from
a classic recipe with only the
essentials an onion a shoestring and
some mister coffee they enjoy the sunset
together and philosophize about free
market capitalism and the working man
when Piper finds himself wandering
around that evening he takes in some
outdoor television the broadcast is
momentarily taken over by a professor
whose yammering about mind control
signals and whatnot as one does
rowdy notices the doomsday preacher
seems to be influenced by the signal now
he's alert and inquisitive like a coyote
the next morning the professor is back
this time Gilbert sees it and goes
running off into the church next door
Roddy's got nothing better to do so he
wanders in to investigate further
stumbling upon what appears to be a
counterfeit ray-ban operation he finds
the guy from the TV in the sanctuary
they're talking about boosting the
signal in some sort of revolution we're
going to find new people strong people
hey rowdy roddy piper is new strong and
a person he gets startled and runs off
but isn't done yet he borrows some
knocks and engages in a stealth covert
operation making himself invisible by
not moving he has all night to wait for
something to happen but when it does it
really does
the police science division shows up
with their science guns ready to science
your face off they storm the church in
bulldoze the shantytown he manages to
run off and avoid capture the next day
he returns inside the church he finds
one box the police missed and he
scurries off with it like a rat he takes
a brief rest in an
crosses his fingers for some old
playboys but it turns out it's just more
sunglasses
he takes appear and hides the rest
secure in the fact that he'll always
have a replacement for a lost pair of
shades but he immediately finds that
these are no ordinary glasses they pull
the veil back from the world revealing
hidden messages for breeders and soy
boys all around him it appears that all
print media has subliminal messages to
encourage compliance and distraction but
that's not all
some folks look like they've lost their
precious face skins he seems shook but
continues exploring which turns out to
be a bad idea because he becomes
overwhelmed and loses control of his
inner monologue they all started
whispering into their Apple watches
about a suspect who can see so he runs
off he finds himself in an escalating
sequence of violence until he stumbles
backwards into a bank he confirms his
intent to do something or something and
continues to make decisions that are
objectively bad for the movement he ends
up in a parking garage where he takes
Holly hostage and has her drive him home
while repeatedly expressing his
exhaustion through acting a lots he's
not totally sure what to do next when
she tells him she works for a TV station
it stirs something back into his memory
he begins to excitedly tell her about
the mind control and then she excitedly
pushes him through a window he manages
to hobble off before the police arrive
the next morning he has to wander into
town hungry and tired
he lost his glasses at Holly's he goes
to a secret hiding spot and finds the
Box missing when he goes to retrieve
them from a truck it dumps him back into
the alley for no reason all in all he
finds he's having a terrible horrible no
good very bad day he tries to get his
friend Frank to put on the glasses and
join the revolution against their
consumerist overlords they get to
another classic miscommunication in
which they both refuse and insist upon
each other in the most brutally violent
way imaginable
[Music]
what were we talking about oh yeah so
Frank actually ends up trying on the
glasses and immediately poops his pants
and fright as he observes wonders beyond
imagination the piper knows just how to
calm him life's a [ __ ] she's back in
heat ooh I really don't care for that
language with a new strong relationship
they immediately run off and rent a room
together they scream through their
concerns about what to do next
ultimately deciding to seek out the
makers of the glasses this turns out to
be the easiest possible solution because
Gilbert's right here and he immediately
invites them to a resistance meeting
when they arrive we see that they told
the kids kids can't keep secrets they
received contact lenses to replace their
glasses and then spend some time
learning about how the skinless weirdos
are slowly winning people over and
depleting our resources through
capitalism then they help themselves to
the free gun buffet everyone agrees they
need to do more but the brainwashing
signal originates from an unknown source
Holly that appears apparently having
tried on Piper's glasses and waking up
to a new reality rowdy barely gets a
chance to awkward ly stare at her before
the police bust in and start gunning
everyone down Frank and rowdy find
themselves cornered but getting assists
from one of the alien watches when it
temporarily opens a gate into a
subterranean tunnel system they managed
to sneak past a couple of second string
ghostbusters talking into their ghost
detectors like noobs and find themselves
in the Grand Ballroom at a boozy banquet
for the human power elites they're
greeted by an old pal who went from
homeless on Monday to tuxedo on
Wednesday and just assumes they're there
on friendly terms being the hospitable
type he takes them on a grand tour
eventually arriving at the signal
distribution center this gets them
excited about moving on and finding the
dish upon request they willingly provide
their authorization and work their way
through the building killing who they
can and trying to avoid harming humans
they eventually stumble upon Holly who
as always just seems to be there
unfortunately for both us and them she
completed her convoluted character arc
off screen and as unknowingly switched
allegiances again apparently she wants
to not only comply and gain the
opportunity for riches but is also
comfortable deploying headshots on the
roof we find that rowdy gets rowdy when
heartbroken taking vengeance for his
fallen comrade and sacrificing himself
to interrupt the signal for the people
like any good commie would he dies
slowly as the farce is revealed to the
and the people slowly wake up and that
was they live an interesting high
concept film that probably could have
been tightened up a bit but it was still
fun and if you enjoyed the video I'd
love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]